docs: create documentation templates (#824)
rx-angular/rx-angular: docs/templates/SUB_MODULE_MAIN_README.MD

<!-- TOKENS:
- PACKAGE_NAME
- SLOGAN
- PACKAGE_COVER_IMAGE
-->

# [PACKAGE_NAME]/[SUB_MODULE]

<!-- HEADLINE:
* required

> The package name of the library. e.g. `my-package-name/sub-module1`  
> If it is a scoped lib also include the scope e.g. `@scope/my-package-name/sub-module1`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The package name of the library. e.g. `cdk/coalescing`  
If it is a scoped lib also include the scope e.g. `@rx-angular/cdk/coalescing`
```
